Michael K. Young,
President, University of Washington
We are committed
to the notion that
everyone should have an opportunity
to participate in higher education,
whether it be from the learning perspective
or the research perspective
or an opportunity to work here
at this institution.
Tracy Mitrano,
Director of IT Policy, Cornell University
We're a
leading university globally.
We want the best talent in the world
for our students,  our staff, and our faculty
and we want to be sure
if that talent has a disability
that they know that we
are a welcoming community.
Pablo Molina,
Campus CIO, Georgetown University
We're competing with other
prestigious and highly accomplished institutions.
We want to make sure that we can target
the right candidates
to join our community, regardless
of their disabilities.
Edward Ray,
President, Oregon State University
In fact, we genuinely believe
that excellence is achieved through diversity
and that a commitment
to equity and inclusion
really enriches each of our lives.